And I keep on having to remind the Western audience that this isn't what always happens when you predict China like that,
going from collapse, oops, second edition collapse, oops, no, third edition, then peak China.
Oh, and then deepseek, and suddenly everybody's interested in China again, right?
Yeah, nobody's talking about China is uninvestable.
Not anymore. And that was a major thing.
More clients are asking me about what's going on in China, what kind of the next deepseek moment will be.
Exactly. So this is what I've been trying to argue that China's fundamentals are there.
China's long-term potential is there. Just look at the people, the skills, the hard work, the scale, the market, the innovation.
Yes, in a short-term confidence has been the major hindrance to the Chinese economic situation.
But that's also very hard to rebuild, of course, but the fundamentals are there.
It's a very different country from just the normal countries that form to the middle-income trap.
Yeah, indeed. I think nobody would expect all of us on the tech companies and other type of companies are interested in increase the capex.